* link to video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqSWPWlL42c&feature=youtu.be

For starters, I did had a more broader and polished game in mind as well and it was challenging doing this myself. In the end however, I liked how it turned out. There are several
problems I encounter during the process of making this game. First, the intermssion process such as the timer will always go to beyond zero and go negative. I overcame this problem by watching other roblox turtorials as well as the Roblox forums to see if there was a problem similar to mine. I later understood that I didn't make a code to stop at zero and make the statement false when it reaches 0. Another problem I had was the zombies spawning before the intermession process/ stage. It took my awhile to figure out and i made statements that would connect to intermission. Furthermore, another problem I faced was getting the Shop gui to work properly. It took me a couple of days and the first issue related to this was when I click the purchase button it won't do anything.After I tried to fix it, a different problem arised when it shouldn't, the button no longer works. After that, I reverted to the last problem and this time it is taking the money but I did not get the guns in return. And I could open the shop but not close the shop. I eventually took my problem to the Roblox dev forums and ask for help; the close button were simple syntax errors and misspellings and the shop gui, I have to refer to the gun's name as well as the name tool name. In addition to the shop, the gun I created had some issues for one it didn't damage zombies but instead it could damage other players also I came to the problem that it would not shoot. 
